docs: update release notes DOC-2080 (#7685)
spectrocloud/librarium: docs/docs-content/clusters/edge/networking/kubevip.md

:::warning

Do not modify the default `address` value. Changing this value makes the cluster inaccessible. If no value is provided

> for the `vip_ddns` variable, it defaults to `false` if the `address` is a valid IP address and `true` if it is a DNS.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
for the `vip_ddns` variable, it defaults to `false` if the `address` is a valid IP address and `true` if it is a domain name
```
DNS server? Domain name? I think DNS by itself doesn't make sense here.

> for the `vip_ddns` variable, it defaults to `false` if the `address` is a valid IP address and `true` if it is a domain name

Author: ```suggestion
for the `vip_ddns` variable, it defaults to `false` if the `address` is a valid IP address and `true` if it is a domain name.
```
